feat(elasticloadbalancingv2): enforce security group inbound rules prop (#29522)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/aws-elasticloadbalancingv2/README.md

});
```

### Enforce security group inbound rules on PrivateLink traffic for a Network Load Balancer

You can indicate whether to evaluate inbound security group rules for traffic 

> sent to a Network Load Balancer through AWS PrivateLink. The default is `on`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sent to a Network Load Balancer through AWS PrivateLink.
The evaluation is enabled by default. 
```
